<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_hwj_kcs_ddc">
    <title>Chapter 1</title>
    <shortdesc>Little Red Riding Hood Goes is Sent off to her Grandma</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <section>
            <title>Her Little Red Hood</title>
            <p audience="adults">One fateful night, in the thee barren lands of Archasia, a woman
                lay creaming in agony on her soggy, wooden floor. The woman cried for her husband,
                who had been placing melted snow-water on a dirty rag to keep her in comfort. An old
                woman stood at the by the laboring woman, taking the rag and pressing it on her
                head. </p>
            <p audience="adults">The Hoode Family hadn't expected this. Years of malnutrition as
                poor farmers had dwindled their birth rates for decades. Ma was an only child whose
                3 aunts and uncles total, all died before they reached the age of three. She only
                had one daughter, Lyeeda. Lyeeda got so sick as a child, the witchdoctor said she
                "couldn't borne any chiren."So all were shocked when,10 years after getting married,
                Lyeeda became pregnant.</p>
            <p audience="adults">"Babe's comin Reid, bring the cloth!" Ma shouted as Lyeeda pushed
                one final time. As she did, the snow out the window began to clear up, every creak
                in the hose became painfully noticeable. The stars had appeared in the sky, and even
                from their dilapedated window, they seemed to glare at the family with the burning
                of a thousand sun gods. Lyeeda sighed, Reid, sat heavily, Ma grabbed a big red
                handkerchief from her breast-pocket and wrapped the baby in it. The child was
                born(her name will be Ryda)  </p>
            <p>There once was a baby, born in a house, so small and so quaint, they could house a
                mouse. When baby was born, her cheeks were like rose, blooming and peaking, from
                under her nose. Her mother was shocked, her papa was glad, and Granny kept laughing,
                they thought she went mad. But then Granny smiled, and laid down some wood, "I'm
                gonna make her, a little red hood. </p>
            <p>And that Granny did, with labor and heart, her little red hood, was one piece of art.
                She placed it on baby, and all things were good, and that's how we got, little red
                riding hood </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_kxl_lcs_ddc">
            <title>Preparing her Goods</title>
            <p audience="children">Little Red Riding Hood was noble and true, she did love her
                family, and probably loves you! Her mom sent her off with a basket of goods, "Your
                Grandma is sick, your Grandma is ill, so please run and give her, this basket of
                food</p>
        </section>
        <p></p>
    </body>
</topic>
